[Release] Release v0.239.0 (#2167)
databricks/cli: CHANGELOG.md

# Version changelog

## [Release] Release v0.239.0

### New feature announcement

You can now manage Databricks Apps using DABs by defining an `app` resource in your bundle configuration.

> For more information see Databricks documentation https://docs.databricks.com/en/dev-tools/bundles/resources.html#app

Reviewer: When will this URL be live?

CLI:
 * Filter out system clusters in cluster picker ([#2131](https://github.com/databricks/cli/pull/2131)).

>  * Process all the fields in top level request object even if it contains request body ([#2155](https://github.com/databricks/cli/pull/2155)).

Reviewer 2: Change this to be more user centric? 
```suggestion
 * Add command line flags for fields that are not in the APi request body ([#2155](https://github.com/databricks/cli/pull/2155)).
```

Bundles:
 * Added support for Databricks Apps in DABs ([#1928](https://github.com/databricks/cli/pull/1928)).
 * Allow artifact path to be located outside the sync root ([#2128](https://github.com/databricks/cli/pull/2128)).
 * Retry app deployment if there is an active deployment in progress ([#2153](https://github.com/databricks/cli/pull/2153)).

>  * Resolve variables in a loop ([#2164](https://github.com/databricks/cli/pull/2164)).

Reviewer 2: Highlight and call out that nested complex variables are supported now?

Reviewer 3: >  Resolve variables in a loop ([#2164](https://github.com/databricks/cli/pull/2164)).
> Improve resolution of complex variables within complex variables ([#2157](https://github.com/databricks/cli/pull/2157)).

Should be combined to "Fix resolution of complex variables #2164 #2157", the two PRs are part of the same work.

 * Patch references to UC schemas to capture dependencies automatically ([#1989](https://github.com/databricks/cli/pull/1989)).
 * Format default-python template ([#2110](https://github.com/databricks/cli/pull/2110)).
 * Encourage the use of root_path in production to ensure single deployment ([#1712](https://github.com/databricks/cli/pull/1712)).
 * Log warnings to stderr for "bundle validate -o json" ([#2109](https://github.com/databricks/cli/pull/2109)).

Internal:
 * Move merge fix-ups after variable resolution ([#2125](https://github.com/databricks/cli/pull/2125)).
 * Enable linter 'unconvert' and fix the issues found ([#2136](https://github.com/databricks/cli/pull/2136)).
 * Coverage for acceptance tests ([#2123](https://github.com/databricks/cli/pull/2123)).
 * Add acceptance tests for builtin templates ([#2135](https://github.com/databricks/cli/pull/2135)).
 * Add a unique schema for recreate pipeline test ([#2159](https://github.com/databricks/cli/pull/2159)).
 * Migrate resolution tests to acceptance tests ([#2143](https://github.com/databricks/cli/pull/2143)).
 * Update runner for the publish-winget job ([#2105](https://github.com/databricks/cli/pull/2105)).

>  * Add a test for complex variable resolution with 3 levels ([#2163](https://github.com/databricks/cli/pull/2163)).

Reviewer: These can all be omitted, IMO. No real value for end users.
